Zhong Tianhao, are you bullying others?
Old man never changes
I didn't bully you.
They said they would give you to me
let
What do you take me for?
Zhou Tianhao, how dare you?
How dare you disrupt the wedding of the God of War?
Gui Yan Lord's Heart Road
Since Yue'er was rescued by the God of War
Always wanted to get married
God of War, old man
Just a granddaughter
Do you want him to get his wish?
I saved you back then
I chose the wrong one.
You don't have to.
You admit that you are the god of war
I must marry you
Jinchen, you are really the god of war
Well, in fact, if he is really the God of War
It's not easy for us to handle this
Hey, Miss Zhou?
I don't want your order anymore.
The god of war is our son-in-law
Very satisfied with us.
Again
We are not parents who play mandarin ducks
Hey, that's right, you clearly promised me just now
Promise me when did I promise you?
Which ear did you hear me saying yes?
Now my son-in-law is the god of war
What is your Zhou family worth?
Roll as far as you can
Hey, yes, did Mrs. Shen study Sichuan Opera?
How fast the face changed!
A small subordinate
Did you chime in?
If I let you die, you will die
Mouth to mouth
Do you hear me?
Grow your mouth
Ouch, how dare you hit me?
that year
Didn't you expel Yunwei from the family of gods?
Now that I know who I am, I'm pretending to be a tiger
arrogant and domineering
Do you deserve to be my mother-in-law?